Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
See. bitch?
You need to be where the hell
I tell you you need to be.
- What the fuck are you doing?
- My brothers will kick yo ass.
Nah. you stay with that bitch!
Everything looks good here.
Please try and get some rest.
Was it my fucking sons?
It was Roy.
Shit!
If you let me know everything he's doing.
I'll make it worth your while.
Think I can't see all the men
that's been in there?
So she's dead?
How does someone run over a 64-year-old
woman and leave her for dead?
People can be awful.
Family can be worse.
- Cancer sucks!
- What?
I'll take you through the garage.
Give us the car.
Good morning.
Do you see the fucking protestors
outside of the building?
- Yes.
- Well. do something.
- What would you like me to do?
- I don't know.
Get a truck. run over 'em.
Say it was a terrorist.
Is that the kinda attention you want?
I wanna know who's behind this.
You know.
It's Lena. the attorney.
Fucking bitch.
Yes.
Listen. can we have her murdered?
If your father-in-law knew
that you weren't this sweet. little.
perfect woman...
He would love me even more.
You think so?
Was that a threat. Jules?
Are you threatening to tell him?
No. not at all.
Okay. good. You sure?
Just making sure. Because you know
if I'm not here. all this shit crumbles.
- Yeah?
- I know.
You also know his dumbass son.
all he cares about is cocaine
and whores and more whores.
His other son. he's so busy chasing dick.
he can't even see straight.
Whoo!
Did you wake up
on the wrong side of the bed?
I'm on all sides of the bed.
Now. why the fuck are you in my car?
What do you want?
Shouldn't you be handling the protestors?
I'm doing something more important.
What the fuck is more important than this?
This bitch is humiliating
a hundred-year-old company.
Humiliating it.
Well. it's your aunt.
What about my aunt?
Oh.
Are you trying to set me up?
Come on. stop it.
You go down. we all go down.
I'm glad you know that.
Did you know that
your aunt was getting better?
Look. what's the probability of her
even remembering this if she woke...
Wait... Wait. why did you say "was"?
Probable is not something
your father-in-law deals in.
Okay. what are you saying. Jules?
Let's just say...
the matter's been handled.
Oh.
Okay. good.
Mmm. mmm. mmm.
Yeah.
Great.
Beautiful and deadly.
Beauty in Black. baby.
Ah. close the door.
You know. he's asking me to help him
have her moved to another hospital.
I think he's starting
to lose trust with me.
Well. we all are.
Well. you need to go see him.
I'm not seeing that motherfucker
or that bitch.
Mallory. we need to know
what his next move is.
- You know how he is.
- Fine.
Well. can we do that now?
No. I'm going to work.
- I wouldn't have asked if it wasn't...
- Look. Jules. fine. Okay? Fine.
- Good.
- But on one condition.
Who's Roy with?
And what are you gonna do to her?
You really wanna know that. Jules?
Well...
Mmm.
I'm not gonna let him embarrass me.
You know that.
Then I will take care of it.
Look. I keep telling you
not to get your hands dirty.
But no. no. no. no. no.
you just don't wanna let up.
I mean. what you gonna do?
Same thing you did to the last one?
How about this?
You go see your uncle-in-law.
and I will give you her name
and where you can find her.
I know you don't even care who he's with.
I care that he's careless.
And I'm not gonna be embarrassed.
I'll get you the information.
I don't trust you. Put Calvin on it.
- Oh. and you trust him?
- I don't trust his ass either.
But put him on it.
And who's gonna drive you?
Jules. get the fuck out of my car.
Okay.
I want you to take her
to see her aunt at the hospital.
Yes. sir.
Take care of those protestors.
I'm on it.
You are a horrible asshole!
It's too damn early
for this shit.
Fuck you!
She just set your car on fire.
- Think I'm a fool?
- Shit!
Think I'm a fool?
Yeah.
♪ Ain't no slidin' down my block
We gon' rack 'em ♪
- ♪ We gon' what? ♪
- ♪ Jump out... ♪
Fuck!
♪ Who run the city?
Ain't nobody up on us ♪
♪ They know what's up
We spinnin' blocks... ♪
Fuck!
♪ And if I up my drake. boy
You better duck... ♪
You crazy bitch!
♪ I just hit this bitch from Houston
Told her I want her all night ♪
♪ Once I nut. you know what's up... ♪
Fuck you!
♪ Tryna' overstay her welcome
I don't want no wife ♪
♪ Dick her down. she in her feelings
I fucked up her life ♪
Why is she like this?
That was my damn car. man.
Those were all my clothes.
You know what I had to do
to get those clo...
I know you not about to laugh.
No. I'm not.
Good. 'cause this shit ain't funny.
No. it's sad.
Shit.
It seems like the more I get ahead...
the more crazy shit keeps happening to me.
You call this "getting ahead"?
What part?
Well. if...
If we took that nigga and his shit...
then we actually could get ahead.
Yeah. whatever. I...
Don't do that.
Don't go caging your mind.
Come on. Kimmie. We...
We can do this.
Get the shit. get Rain better. and...
we can get the hell out of here.
She died.
What?
I went to the hospital earlier
to check on her.
and they told me she died.
Damn.
They put shit that they bought
from the hardware store in her body.
They wanted me to do it.
Do what?
In my dick.
What is wrong with these people?
I don't know. but...
...that's what Lion did.
That's why he's making all that money.
He said his shit
don't even get hard anymore.
Damn.
Hey.
We can get outta here.
Come on. this is...
This is America.
Let's get that money.
And go where?
To the DR.
I got family there.
You know how large
we can live on a million dollars?
You need a passport to go there. right?
Jules took every piece of ID we had.
You think?
Look up "Jane Doe"
in Texas. December 2022.
The first hit.
How you know about this?
She look familiar?
Look at her tattoo.
Oh. shit. that's Diamond.
Yeah.
You still wanna risk it?
They make sure that we know
that they can get rid of us.
But. shit...
...dying may be living here.
Well. I'm with you.
So let's take him.
Let's go get him.
He lives on a private road.
There's like five houses on it.
Well. that should make it easy.
But he has security. dogs.
all type of shit.
I can make him take me there.
He ain't gonna do that. Not that house.
How you know?
Mm-mm.
He don't want nobody
to know he's gay or whatever.
He not...
He not about to let you get that close.
I bet I can.
All right. fine.
You know more than me.
We gotta try.
What's the point?
This is our life. This is it.
Kimmie...
I don't wanna talk about this anymore.
I need to go see where they buried her.
Angel. I told her not to do that shit.
I told her not to do that shit.
She was my girl.
She was all I had.
I told her not to do that shit.
I told her not to.
Look. we have to move her.
Looking at her charts.
I would not advise that.
Look. John. if she stays here. she's dead.
Norman.
John. Look. you gotta do this. You owe me.
Okay.
Good. Now. what's the plan?
Well. we will move her
by ambulance to Lake Lee.
But that place is a shithole.
- It's the closest.
- John.
Okay.
But moving her further is risky.
Staying here is higher risk.
Mr. Bellarie. there's an armed guard
blocking people
from entering your wife's room.
We're moving her.
Mr. Bellarie.
We're moving her now.
- I'm sorry. who are you?
- Don't worry about it.
- Are you a doctor?
- I said. don't worry about it.
Mr. Bellarie. if we move her.
you must know how risky it is.
It's done.
- I... I... I really can't...
- Now!
I'm really not advising
that we move your wife at this time.
So who's the nurse
that was here last night?
- I'm sorry?
- Exactly!
- You don't know. do you?
- Mr. Bellarie...
We're moving her.
and we're moving her now.
I need to check on her vitals
before she's moved.
I don't want you near her.
Can you at least tell me
who this doctor is?
He knows what he's doing.
He's gonna stabilize her.
then we're gonna make the move.
Okay. I'm sorry.
Is there something we did wrong?
Leave.
Just leave.
Thank you.
Uncle.
Hey.
I know you're angry with the family.
I'm not angry with you.
I brought flowers.
Her favorites.
So. what's going on?
We're moving her.
Okay.
But we've given so much
to this hospital.
I know.
That's exactly why we're moving her.
Look. you don't know
this family like I do.
I'm learning every day.
Yeah. There's a lot for you
to catch up on.
I mean. it's just sad. you know?
- Yeah.
- It's really awful.
Yeah. Don't cry.
Listen. Mallory...
do you know who did this?
I swear I don't.
- We all live on that private road.
- I know.
- I know you're married to my nephew. but...
- Yeah. but... Don't...
Please don't.
I know he has his issues. Uncle.
but he would never
leave someone like this.
How do you know?
I know because
I've been married to him for years.
I know them.
Listen. if you weren't
running this company...
I know. It's fine.
- With the lawsuit and everything else...
- Don't worry.
Uncle. don't worry about the lawsuit.
Don't worry about any of this.
Just focus on her.
Focus on getting her better.
- She's not gonna get any better.
- Don't say that.
Don't say that. Yes. she will.
There's just so much about this
that I just don't understand.
Wait. what do you mean?
A... A... A policeman came up to me
and told me that they found her body
in a tow yard.
What the hell was her body
doing at a tow yard?
What do you mean "a tow yard"?
I don't know. but. I mean.
they're... they're trying to find footage
to see what happened.
- There was a shootout.
- Wh... What?
- Are you sure Charles didn't do this?
- No. he didn't do it.
How do you know? He...
- That little smug. arrogant. little...
- Listen.
Uncle. look at me.
Look. I don't know how to. um.
ask you this.
but. um...
What?
Do you have any enemies?
Are you saying that this is my fault?
No. no. no. not at all.
I'm not saying that. But look.
how... how did she get so far away?
Huh? Was she kidnapped?
What's Jules saying about this?
He has... He has
all these connections with the FBI.
Yeah.
I don't know. he's... looking into it.
Shit. I...
Why do you say it like that?
What do you mean?
I don't know if I can trust him.
Uncle. we can all trust Jules.
I don't know who the hell I can trust.
Listen. I assure you.
if you just give him some time.
he'll find out who did this.
This is Beauty in Black.
My name is Lena Norris Walton.
I'm an attorney here
in the city of Chicago.
If you know someone
who has had cancer of any kind
who has used this product...
- Are you on top of this?
- Of course.
- Well. then you should get to the office.
- No. no. no. I mean...
Look. I can stay. I'm fine. I mean...
But are you sure you want me go?
I can push things back and stay with you.
They're getting her prepped to move.
Well. I'll walk out with you.
- I love you.
- Love you.
Calvin. step out of the car.
- Hello?
- He's having her moved.
- Shit. Where?
- He didn't tell me.
Shit.
Yeah. he's lost trust in you.
All right.
I'mma give him a call right now.
No. don't do that.
Then he'll know that I told you.
Yeah. no. you're right. you're right.
Look. give it an hour and then call him.
All right. I'm on it.
I don't think you are.
Cancer sucks! Cancer sucks!
Cancer sucks!
- Cancer sucks! Cancer sucks!
- What? What?
Well. well. well. Okay.
- Mr. Bellarie. you see this?
- I do.
Sir. we using the garage entrance today.
No. I'll park here.
- But. sir. I... I have to...
- I'll talk to Jules. okay?
- It's my job to keep you safe. sir.
- Hey. hey. Shut the fuck up. okay?
I wish they would shut the fuck up.
They're fucking loud as shit.
What the fuck is this shit?
Hold on. hold on. hold on.
Who's paying y'all?
- Who's paying y'all?
- Do you think we're being paid to be here?
Uh. yeah. I do.
This is my daughter.
She has cancer.
You tell her you think
she's being paid to be here.
Say it!
Let's get out of here.
Stupid-ass shit that was.
What the fuck?
Yeah. it was.
Yeah. we'll go this way.
That shit about to go viral.
You could say that again.
- Do I know you from somewhere?
- You should.
Tell me where.
I'm representing
all those cancer patients.
Oh shit.
And you've been served.
- Nice.
- Come on. Roy.
You say my name like you know me.
- I do.
- And how is that?
Roy. Lena.
I ain't following.
What's that supposed to mean?
You had so many women in college.
you don't even remember me.
I mean. you're kidding me. right?
No.
I'm not following.
Where do I know you from?
Well. I remember you.
Drugged up. living high off Daddy's money.
Oh. so... so this is what this is about.
What?
Jealousy.
I mean. you wanted me.
and I didn't want you.
What? I'm just saying.
Actually. it was the opposite.
Nah. I don't believe you.
Yeah. you were with Mallory then.
and you couldn't stop chasing me.
I couldn't stop chasing you?
Oh my gosh. You really is full of shit.
Oh man. I didn't think you'd remember.
So many drugs.
Mmm.
Yeah. okay.
- You should settle this.
- Settle what?
Come on.
You know what's going on here.
Yeah. I do. I do.
I mean. what are you?
One of those. uh. ambulance chasers?
- Ambulance chaser?
- Yeah. yeah.
This is a shakedown.
I've been in this company a long time.
This shit is everyday to me.
basically. at this point.
We're gonna bring this company
to its knees.
Bring it to its knees? Uh-huh.
I mean. that's crazy.
'cause. really. I would. uh...
like to bring you to your knees.
You think
that's gonna work? Insulting me?
I mean. your very presence
is insulting me right now.
Look. my number is in that envelope.
Let's talk.
You know your wife won't talk.
And you know your daddy won't talk.
And what makes you think I will?
'Cause you are smarter than they are.
You are the real brains
behind this company.
You call the shots.
I know you.
You don't fucking know me.
You let it look like she's running things.
when the truth is you are.
About time you said something
that makes fucking sense.
Yeah. but the perception is that she is.
and you are her lapdog.
and she's making all the decisions.
You should meet with me.
We can work this out. go public.
and have her sitting on the sidelines.
You must think
I'm a stupid motherfucker.
No.
Like I said.
I know you.
and I know how smart you are.
Hmm.
It was good seeing you.
My number's in the envelope.
We can meet off the record.
- Let me ask you a question.
- Yeah.
How the fuck is she on private property?
Uh. she... she was meeting with
the management office.
She was meeting with the office?
You fucking believe that shit? Hmm?
Me and you know that's some bullshit.
She was here to serve me.
- I did...
- Ah. ah. ah.
Nigga. don't fucking talk. okay?
You're fired.
Now get the fuck out of my face. nigga.
And give me this shit. nigga.
Stupid-ass nigga.
Oh. no. that's okay.
That'll be all. thank you.
Mmm.
Mmm. Feels good.
Sorry. honey. that's cold. I...
Um. hi. sir. Hey.
Where's my wife?
Uh. she's... she's not here yet. sir.
'Cause. uh. she's usually here by now.
so. um. where is she?
I'm not sure. sir.
Sorry.
Gillian.
you're sitting at my wife's desk.
Where is she?
She went to the hospital
to see your aunt and uncle. sir.
Why?
- Well. your aunt was in that accident.
- I know that. Gillian. but why?
I'm not sure what you mean.
Yeah. Okay.
Um. but. uh... but. sir?
Sir?
What?
Um...
I just... I just wanted to apologize
for this morning.
So you were trying to set me up.
No.
I promise I wasn't.
Did my wife put you up to it?
No.
Then why'd you do it?
Can we just talk about this
away from the office?
- No. no. no.
- What if...
What if Mallory comes in right now?
No. Answer the question.
Why'd you do it?
Well. the truth is.
I decided
that I actually want to do
whatever it is you want me to do.
No.
What?
I don't trust it.
and I don't trust you.
I'm telling the truth.
I mean it.
How much?
I promise you. I want to.
Yeah. okay.
I'm sorry again.
Hello?
Kimmie?
Sylvie?
Hey.
Hey. baby sis.
What's going on?
I'm okay. How are you?
Um...
I'm... I'm fine.
Did you get the money I sent you?
No.
What happened?
You know he took it.
Well...
Were you able to get
your cheerleading uniform?
He won't let me be a cheerleader.
Why?
You know how he is.
Okay. and... and...
What... What is Mama saying?
Whatever he is saying.
Of course. Um...
Well. I am...
I'm gonna send some more.
so don't worry about it.
You'll... You'll be able to get
what you need. Okay?
Look. I'll be 18 in two years.
and I can just come and live with you.
Of course you can.
It'll be great.
You still gonna let me come. right?
Yeah.
Yeah. I'mma still let you come.
I wanna see your apartment
and what it's like in Chicago.
It's really nice.
And I'll have my own room.
Mm-hmm.
Good.
So I can get away from here.
Yeah.
Sylvie. it's gonna be so great.
I can't wait.
Me either.
- Are you okay?
- I... I am fine.
You don't sound good.
I'm fine. I was asleep.
I'm... I'm working night rights now
at the hospital.
You know. I'm sorry.
I'll let you go back to sleep
since you have to work all night.
Also. Sylvie.
I'mma send some more money.
but I'mma wire it.
So go to the grocery store with Mama
when she's shopping.
and it's gonna be under your name.
All right?
I can try. but they watch me.
Just break away from her a little bit
while she getting her scratch-offs
or whatever.
Get it. and don't give it to Frank. okay?
Okay.
I love you.
I love you too.
So much.
Okay. you get some rest.
and I'll talk to you later.
Sylvie. come inside.
- All right. bye.
- Bye.
My name is Lena Norris Walton.
I'm an attorney here
in the city of Chicago.
- I would remember you.
- If you know someone who's had cancer...
But. damn. you is fine.
Mm-mm-mm.
Hey.
What's good?
You okay?
I'm fine.
- Are you sure?
- What is it. Jules?
'Cause you were pissed
about our little project.
She called my wife.
And I can handle that.
I wanna see her suffer.
- Sure you don't want...
- No. no. no. I'm enjoying toying with her.
Okay.
I keep telling you
to keep your hands clean.
What's the fun in that?
You know. your wife
wants to know who it was.
I know you won't say a thing.
No. No. no. no. no. no.
Mm-mm. No. I got one or two
not doing what they supposed to do.
so I'll give her one of them.
Okay.
'Cause she sure can be wicked.
Mmm.
- That's the part I just don't get.
- Yes. you do.
You do. out of all people.
It's all about image with her.
No. I get that. I just...
She just doesn't need to stay with you.
But she does.
Because we get more shares as a couple.
Oh.
- There it is.
- Mm-hmm.
And if we get divorced...
diluted. Everything.
Well. now I see.
Mm-hmm.
And talking about image. you know.
you coming through the front door.
it's not a good look.
Fuck all that. We own that damn sidewalk.
You being the head of security...
why didn't you have them moved?
Optics.
Fuck that shit. man.
Fuck that.
Had that lady. like.
talking about her daughter with cancer.
"You don't care."
All that stuff. man. fuck that.
I didn't like it.
So have them moved.
I'm pacing it.
Pacing what?
- I need to see how big this is gonna get.
- Hmm.
You know all this shit is just...
stupid to me.
Roy.
the same wind that blows out a candle
is the same wind that'll start a wildfire.
If I forcefully have them removed.
this... this could go national.
It's a big problem.
Right now. it's just on the nigga net.
- Hmm. Hmm.
- Okay? It's local.
And you. you have to be careful.
Yeah. I feel ya. I feel ya.
You know what? I'm...
I'm thinking about...
meeting with her.
- With Lena. the lawyer?
- Mm-hmm.
I think I can fix all this.
No. no. no. no. no.
I don't think you need to do that.
And why not?
No. I just think that...
you should let your dad
and Mallory handle this.
Mmm.
Let me get this straight.
You wanna act like everybody else
and think that. what?
- I'm not shit?
- No.
No. no. I just think it might be best
if your dad or Mallory handled it.
What are you sayin'?
Nothing.
Just that it would be best.
- You don't think I can handle it?
- No. Come on. I'm not saying that.
What you sayin'. then?
You run this place.
Yeah?
Yeah. I do.
You're right about that. Yeah.
- I know it.
- Mm-hmm.
You know...
the crazy thing is she don't do shit
but look pretty. That's it.
- Mmm.
- Mm-hmm.
But just the way you want it. right?
You're damn right.
See?
That's it. That's what I'm talking about.
Right there.
- Mm-hmm.
- All right?
If anything blows up. Mallory looks bad.
Then you step in. boom. you got it.
That's what I'm talking about.
You know I know you run this.
Yeah. I do run this shit.
- You daggone right you do.
- Yeah. I do.
Yes. you do.
I do. I do. I do. I do.
Oh shit. hold on one second.
Where you going?
I gotta go to the bathroom.
Running to the bathroom to get high.
This fucking kid.
Hey.
You been crying all this time?
I'm fine.
Come here.
It's gonna be okay.
No. it's not.
She's gone.
Yeah.
We been through a lot of shit.
Not like this.
I know.
No. you don't know.
You don't know.
She is the only girl
that ever loved me besides my sister.
It's all right.
No. it's not.
You don't get it.
My little sister watched my mom
leave me at a damn store.
And she was crying like crazy
when my mom dropped me off.
Rain and my sister were it for me.
And now when she calls me. I lie to her.
I tell her I'm a... I'm a... I'm a nurse
and I'm doing okay.
What am I doing?
You're surviving.
I wanna do more than survive.
These fucking people are crazy.
I want out.
That's why we have to get this money.
so we can get out of here.
That ain't gonna work.
Stop saying that.
It's not.
Well. how about this?
Let's get your sister first.
What?
Yeah. we... we...
We get her first.
and if that doesn't work.
then we can. you know.
figure some other shit out.
No.
If we do this. we get her after.
Okay. Okay.
'Cause we need to be sure.
You see?
You think you can.
I just hate this shit.
I know.
And. you know. he's not a bad guy.
Kimmie.
What?
Rain always said
you were too soft on these niggas.
I'm not soft. he just... He...
- He reminds...
- He just what?
He reminds me of my grandfather.
The only man who was ever nice to me.
He ain't your grandfather. yo.
I know he's not.
'Cause my grandfather
would've never left Rain at the hospital.
Left Rain at the hospital?
My grandfather would've kept his word.
What word?
He promised me he would check on Rain.
And he never went.
Why would you ask a stranger that?
'Cause Jules had Body beat my ass
for taking her to the hospital.
I... I... I don't wanna know all this.
You in it now. What you scared of?
You're right.
Shit.
Come on.
Let's get ready to get this money.
I do not feel like doing this.
Hey.
We're gonna get out of here.
We're gonna get this money.
We need to hurry.
- What's wrong?
- Her blood pressure's dropping.
- Do something.
- We are.
- No. wait...
- Mr. Bellarie. please.
Look. you told me that you could move her!
Stay with me now.
- Save her.
- Pull over! Pull over!
Listen. you better save her.
You better save her!
Baby.
Ina!
Long morning?
What do you think?
Well. it's about to get longer.
Look. I just had a long attorney meeting.
I don't need to deal with any more shit.
You think
we're being paid to be here?
- It's viral.
- Do you?
- Yeah. I do. actually.
- This is my daughter.
You tell her you think
she's being paid to be here.
- Mom?
- She has cancer.
What the fuck was he thinking?
Well...
You know he doesn't think.
I think you need to try
and get him under control.
Well. how in the hell
am I supposed to do that. Jules?
He said he wanted to talk
to the lawyer. Lena.
- What?
- Yeah.
What a fucking idiot.
And he wants the world to know
that he runs this place.
You know what? I...
When he snorts that shit.
he just gets more stupid and more stupid.
- Well. you married him.
- Shouldn't you be worried about my uncle?
I called him.
Did he call you back?
No.
Shouldn't that tell you something?
He'll call back.
Oh. you sound very sure about that.
- We have business together.
- Do you?
What type of business?
Security thing.
Now. you know if this woman wakes up...
- I know. I know.
- ...and she lives and starts to talk...
Where's Roy?
He left an hour ago.
But how long was he here?
Hmm.
Not very long.
Who's the bitch?
- What?
- Who the bitch he been fuckin'?
I don't know.
but I'mma get you the information.
I'll get you a name.
If your mom thinks you should stay here.
that's probably a good thing.
♪ I don't care ♪
Charles.
Okay. listen.
My mom not wanting me to go home
is her issue. not mine.
No. Your mom is smarter than you think.
Do you know something I don't?
No.
Varney. are you sure?
Yes.
Okay. Then I'm going out tonight.
and I'm having a good time.
- Charles. wait a minute.
- Listen.
I don't wanna talk about it.
Charles.
And we're talking about it.
Every time you get angry with your father.
you go out and do some stupid shit.
Come back.
Stay here with me tonight.
If I wanted to be with you. I would.
Then tell me where you goin'.
Why?
'Cause maybe I wanna go with you.
No. 'cause your closeted ass
won't come with me.
I'm not closeted.
Oh. that's right. you're private.
- No. I just don't want...
- Varney. listen.
I don't like this. all right?
I don't wanna always be in the shadows.
That's where my father wants me to live.
So then let me...
When you want to commit to me
and tell my family what the deal is.
then maybe I'll stay in here
with you all night.
But not tonight.
Okay.
Fine.
I don't give a fuck if you upset.
Good. 'Cause I'll just go home.
- Are you done?
- Yes. I'm done!
Good.
No. motherfucker. I'm not just done.
I'm really done.
Fuck you. Charles.
Varney.
What?
You'll be back for this ass.
Now get the fuck out.
Ina. Ina.
Stay with us.
Stay with us. come on.
Three. two. one.
What's wrong?
- What's wrong?
- Three. two. one.
What?
I'm sorry.
You're sorry?
You told me that you could move her.
I was wrong.
You were wrong?
Yes.
- You know my brother?
- No. I don't.
Huh? Do you know my brother?
No.
You just let her die.
No!
What the hell?
It's okay!
- You know my brother?
- No. sir.
- Do you know my brother?
- No. I promise I...
♪ I told that demon on my shoulder
I got time today ♪
♪ I pull my pistol out the holster
Let it light the way ♪
♪ I told my niggas that this ain't over
Till the opps in they grave ♪
♪ Folks and 'em tote rockets
In they denim ♪
♪ We can't catch a stray ♪
♪ Pour it out for my brothers
Who ain't with us ♪
♪ We gon' hold the weight ♪
♪ Pop a nigga shoe
He get to dancin' like it's cabaret ♪
♪ Don't get it confused
Locked n' loaded. and it's on display ♪
♪ My demon's on the loose
And it's a demon that I can't betray ♪
♪ Stop with all that goofy shit ♪
♪ Pop a nigga front
I don't care who he with ♪
♪ I don't give a fuck
About a body. bitch ♪
♪ They runnin' up. ain't doin' shit
Pull up. and we drillin' shit ♪
♪ Roll up. then we peelin' shit
Show up. then we smokin' shit ♪
♪ I be off a 30 poppin' pills and shit ♪
♪ I be in the dirty. yeah. I'm doin' it ♪
♪ Make some tears drop
Then I'm tattooin' it ♪
♪ Every word I speak
It got the truth in it ♪
♪ My language. and I'm fluent
And in that grave it got you in it ♪
♪ I say I love you to my bitch
'Cause that's my ball and chain ♪
♪ My fam above me lookin' down
But it's not the same ♪
♪ Them sirens singin' in the streets
Won't drown my mama's pain ♪
♪ Them bells be ringin' to a beat
So I'mma let it rain ♪
♪ I post that bail and pay that bond
To keep my brother safe ♪
♪ Fuck all that glazin'
Shit ain't sweet. this ain't anime ♪
♪ We'll make a movie in broad day
Like it's a matinée ♪
♪ I got a demon in me
I can't look the other way ♪
♪ Pow. pow. pow. pow ♪
♪ I told that demon on my shoulder
I got time today ♪
♪ I pull my pistol out the holster
Let it light the way ♪
♪ I told my niggas that this ain't over
Till the opps in they grave ♪
♪ Folks and 'em tote rockets
In they denim ♪
♪ We can't catch a stray ♪
♪ Pour it out for my brothers
Who ain't with us ♪
♪ We gon' hold the weight ♪
♪ Pop a nigga shoe
He get to dancin' like it's cabaret ♪
♪ Don't get it confused
Locked 'n loaded. and it's on display ♪
♪ My demon's on the loose
And it's a demon that I can't betray ♪
♪ I told that demon on my shoulder
I got time today ♪
♪ I pull my pistol out the holster
Let it light the way ♪
♪ I told my niggas that this ain't over
Till the opps in they grave ♪
♪ Folks and 'em tote rockets
In they denim ♪
♪ We can't catch a stray ♪
♪ Pour it out for my brothers
Who ain't with us ♪
♪ We gon' hold the weight ♪
♪ Pop a nigga shoe
He get to dancin' like it's cabaret ♪
♪ Don't get it confused
Locked 'n loaded. and it's on display ♪
♪ My demon's on the loose
And it's a demon that I can't betray ♪
♪ Can't betray ♪
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org